Hello everyone and welcome back.
This is going to be a challenge in making a composite image.
So were going to be bringing two or more images into one new image.
Remembering of course that you can create your new image slightly larger than 32 by 32.
In order to accommodate the extra information that's coming in I would suggest 48 by 48.
And of course you can go all the way to 64 by 64 if you've got enough information to fill that space
up.
And finally I cannot wait to see what you guys come up with.
Do remember to show your work with us because I love seeing what you've created and some of the stuff
you've done so far.
It's absolutely blown me away.
I wouldn't have thought at 32 by 30 or even less would be able to get some of the quality work you've
already been showing.
So thank you for showing.
So now go ahead pause a video and go and bring two or more images together into a new image.
Okay welcome back.
Let's go ahead now and I'm going to go through and make my composer image using all of the skills that
we have learnt so far.
Okay so we're back over in Jim and the first thing I'm going to do is create my new image where the
composing image is going to be made.
I'm going to make it 48 By 40 I think it's going to be a good size at this point.
And then you do control shift in Jay to bring it up full size.
Excellent.
So now that that image is ready I need my other images that I'm going to bring across.
I'm going to go through and open recent and again open my dual swords.
I'm going to open up my fire.
I do like that fire.
And then finally I'm going to open up my shield as well so I've got my three main items that I'm going
to move across into the new image.
Now I'm going to start with this fire because it's going to be the background and when you drag things
across of course they're going to come in in the order that you drag them.
And I want the fire to be first so I don't have to reorganize it.
I'm going to turn off my back ground because I just want the fire itself and not the black background
coming across.
With that in mind I'm going to click and drag through that cross and drop it in.
There's one fire.
Now I'm going to be lean as I do this.
I'm going to rename this fire straight away so that I know what it is.
Obviously I can see what it is as well.
And I'm going to move it roughly into the right position.
I'm going to pop it at the bottom of my screen.
Kate next thing to move across will be I'm going to do the shield first An And that's already set up.
I'm happy with it being compressed from these three layers into this one.
I'm going to move that across and I'm going to lift that up a little maybe two about the.
And across a little more maybe there yet that's in the centre.
And this one's not in the centre.
So I'm going to try and the line them as best I can.
And of course I need to rename that appropriately.
Now the reason why I've left this saud's Till last is because I'm going to do something slightly different
here.
I will want the ability I think I'm not sure but to move these swords individually so I'm going to click
on their layers themselves and move them across into the new image that we're creating.
Now of course we might not need do that but just as a starting point there we go.
Now with moving I'm going to make sure pick a layer or guide is on to begin with and that will enable
me to just move these independently of each other and very quickly allow me to rearrange the image and
will zoom out just one level and use the control key and the mouse will to do so course I can use the
percentage indicator at the bottom as well if I want to and this gives me an overall idea of how this
is looking.
Now I'm going to see if I can spread these swords out to little more.
Remove it to pixels that way in two pixels this way and maybe a couple more pixels down.
Now of course this doesn't have to be perfectly aligned.
However I'm quite liking that going to bring in maybe a couple more pixels that will enable us to see
more of the actual shilled behind here.
I'm liking that arrangement at the moment.
It seems quite equal around so in order to make sure that I don't ruin that I'm going to go ahead and
just click the two linked items unhappy happy with the shilled position Israel's I'm going to link that.
Now this fire what can we do.
The fire.
It looks a bit small.
I might be able to make it bigger.
And another way of making it bigger would be to have two of them.
Going to select my fire layer and then go and duplicate it has obviously become a little bit darker
Whereas alferd out before but this will now enable me hopefully because it is 32.
By 32 I should be able to spread these fires out.
Unfortunately even though I selected the other layer I managed to select the appropriate fire.
There we go that spread out nicely across the back now with there being a white background that does
not suit our image at the moment that's all.
So I'm going to go ahead to my background and with the blend tool.
I'm going to create a blend from the bottom to the top and I'm going to hold down control just to make
sure that's completely straight and vertical.
Okay so our initial attempt here has kind of worked but I'm not.
I'm not getting it is not dark enough for long enough some good to go from about half way and then go
up from there.
Okay that looks pretty good.
I'm much happier with how it's darker for longer.
And also that the shield itself stands out at the top.
And of course the fire stands out at the bottom.
Now finally just to top this off I think I want a border around my scene itself.
I've got set up.
I'm going to just link in the fires as well so if I decide to do anything and move things about I can
do I can move the whole lot at once now.
So that's a great position to be in.
I hope I've put that back in the centre.
Looks about right to me.
Okay.
So now that that's done I can go ahead and create my board.
I'm going to quit in New Labour to do that.
I want it 48 and I'm going to name it border straightaway and then lift that right to the top because
I want the border on top of everything else.
Now there are a couple of ways of doing this.
Grab the pencil tool and just draw a board around the edge.
I'm going to just select everything go to select border and set it to one pixel.
Click.
Okay.
There we go we've got a board a selection around our object.
I'm I'm going to fill that in with black for the moment.
I might choose to do something else later and it's quite interesting how just a simple board like that
really does focus.
It does.
If I do that for a second it really does make the rest of it stand out as an individual icon.
I'm liking how that's looking.
Excellent.
And of course because I am happy with that I will want to go ahead and save my work.
So let's go and save as.
Now I'm going to save it as something very specific because then I know exactly what it is you will
name yours appropriately to whatever you're doing.
Excellent.
How how did you guys get.
I'm sure you've created something much better than this.
Please do share your work over in the discussion so we can see how you're getting on.
And I will see you all in the next lecture.